the word of the Lord came to me saying
the word of the Lord came to me saying son of man set your face against the
son of man set your face against the
son of man set your face against the ammonites and prophesy against them say
ammonites and prophesy against them say
ammonites and prophesy against them say to the ammonites hear the word of the
to the ammonites hear the word of the
to the ammonites hear the word of the Lord God thus says the Lord God
Lord God thus says the Lord God
Lord God thus says the Lord God because you said AHA against my
because you said AHA against my
because you said AHA against my sanctuary when it was profaned and
sanctuary when it was profaned and
sanctuary when it was profaned and against the land of Israel when it was
against the land of Israel when it was
against the land of Israel when it was desolate and against the house of Judah
desolate and against the house of Judah
desolate and against the house of Judah when they went into captivity indeed
when they went into captivity indeed
when they went into captivity indeed therefore I will deliver you as an
therefore I will deliver you as an
therefore I will deliver you as an addition to the men of the east and they
addition to the men of the east and they
addition to the men of the east and they shall set their encampments among you
shall set their encampments among you
shall set their encampments among you and make their dwellings among you they
and make their dwellings among you they
and make their dwellings among you they shall eat your fruit and they shall
shall eat your fruit and they shall
shall eat your fruit and they shall drink your milk and I will make rubber a
drink your milk and I will make rubber a
drink your milk and I will make rubber a stable for camels and Ammon a resting
stable for camels and Ammon a resting
stable for camels and Ammon a resting place for flocks then you shall know
place for flocks then you shall know
place for flocks then you shall know that I am the Lord because you clap your
that I am the Lord because you clap your
that I am the Lord because you clap your hands stamp your feet and rejoiced in
hands stamp your feet and rejoiced in
hands stamp your feet and rejoiced in heart with all your disdain for the land
heart with all your disdain for the land
heart with all your disdain for the land of Israel
of Israel
of Israel indeed therefore I will stretch out my
indeed therefore I will stretch out my
indeed therefore I will stretch out my hand against you and give you as plunder
hand against you and give you as plunder
hand against you and give you as plunder to the nations I will cut you off from
to the nations I will cut you off from
to the nations I will cut you off from the peoples and I will cause you to
the peoples and I will cause you to
the peoples and I will cause you to perish from the countries I will destroy
perish from the countries I will destroy
perish from the countries I will destroy you and you shall know that I have
you and you shall know that I have
you and you shall know that I have because Moab and sere say look the house
because Moab and sere say look the house
because Moab and sere say look the house of Judah is like all the nations
of Judah is like all the nations
of Judah is like all the nations therefore behold I will clear the
therefore behold I will clear the
therefore behold I will clear the territory of Moab of cities of the
territory of Moab of cities of the
territory of Moab of cities of the cities on its frontier the glory of the
cities on its frontier the glory of the
cities on its frontier the glory of the country beth joshimuz Bale Mian and
country beth joshimuz Bale Mian and
country beth joshimuz Bale Mian and kerchief am to the men of the east I
kerchief am to the men of the east I
kerchief am to the men of the east I will give it as a possession together
will give it as a possession together
will give it as a possession together with the ammonites that the ammonites
with the ammonites that the ammonites
with the ammonites that the ammonites may not be remembered among the nations
may not be remembered among the nations
may not be remembered among the nations and I will execute judgments upon mehleb
and I will execute judgments upon mehleb
and I will execute judgments upon mehleb and they shall know that I am the Lord
and they shall know that I am the Lord
and they shall know that I am the Lord because of what Edom did against the
because of what Edom did against the
because of what Edom did against the house of Judah by taking vengeance and
house of Judah by taking vengeance and
house of Judah by taking vengeance and has greatly offended by avenging itself
has greatly offended by avenging itself
has greatly offended by avenging itself on them I will also stretch out my hand
on them I will also stretch out my hand
on them I will also stretch out my hand against Edom cut off man and beast from
against Edom cut off man and beast from
against Edom cut off man and beast from it and make it desolate from teman didim
it and make it desolate from teman didim
it and make it desolate from teman didim shall fall by the sword I will lay my
shall fall by the sword I will lay my
shall fall by the sword I will lay my vengeance on Edom by the hand of my
vengeance on Edom by the hand of my
vengeance on Edom by the hand of my people Israel that they may do in Edom
people Israel that they may do in Edom
people Israel that they may do in Edom according to my anger and according to
according to my anger and according to
according to my anger and according to my fury and they shall know my vengeance
thus says the Lord God because the
thus says the Lord God because the Philistines dealt vengefully and took
Philistines dealt vengefully and took
Philistines dealt vengefully and took vengeance with a spiteful heart to
vengeance with a spiteful heart to
vengeance with a spiteful heart to destroy because of the old hatred
destroy because of the old hatred
destroy because of the old hatred therefore thus says the Lord God I will
therefore thus says the Lord God I will
therefore thus says the Lord God I will stretch out my hand against the
stretch out my hand against the
stretch out my hand against the Philistines and I will cut off the cara
Philistines and I will cut off the cara
Philistines and I will cut off the cara fights and destroy the remnant of the
fights and destroy the remnant of the
fights and destroy the remnant of the Seacoast I will execute great vengeance
Seacoast I will execute great vengeance
Seacoast I will execute great vengeance on them with furious rebukes and they
on them with furious rebukes and they
on them with furious rebukes and they shall know that I am the Lord when I lay
shall know that I am the Lord when I lay
shall know that I am the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon them
my vengeance upon them
my vengeance upon them you